The Profound Bestowal of Blessings
A Sādhana of Dorje Drolö from the Reality Ḍākinīs’ Secret Treasury (Chönyi Khandrö Sangdzö)
revealed by Sera Khandro

Namo padmākāraye!
The heruka embodying the three-kāya familiesIs the supremely magnificent Dorje Drolö.The profound
method for accomplishing himI shall now reveal for fortunate children.Samaya.
To take refuge and generate bodhicitta, recite the following:
namo, dü sum gyalwé chipal chok
Namo. Supreme, glorious embodiment of the victorious ones of the three times,
rigdzin lamar kyab su chi
Vidyādhara guru, in you I take refuge.
magyur drowa semchen kün
I generate the intention to lead all sentient beings,
yangdak sar gö semkyé do
My very own past mothers, to the authentic state.
Repeat three times.
For the main practice, visualize the maṇḍala in the following way:
ah khordé chö kün tongpé ngang
Ah. In the emptiness of all phenomena throughout saṃsāra and nirvāṇa,
rang dang nyingjé chenpor shar
Its self-radiance arises as great compassion.
rigpa gyu yik hung marnak
Awareness is the dark red Hūṃ, syllable of the central channel,
dé lé ö trö gyal kün chö
From which light shines out to make offerings to all the buddhas,
jinlab tsur dü hung la tim
And collect their blessings, which dissolve into the Hūṃ.
chi nö pema ö kyi shying
The outer environment becomes the realm of Lotus Light;
nangchü pawo khandrö dal
And the inhabitants, the maṇḍala of vīras and ḍākinīs.
dé ü lhündrub shyalyé khang
At the centre, is the spontaneously present celestial palace,
tsé dang tsennyi yongdzok long
An expanse that is entirely perfect in scale and attribute.
pema nyidé den gyi teng
There, upon seats of lotus, sun and moon,
rangnyi dorjé drowolö
I appear as Dorje Drolö,
marmuk dangden shyal chikpa
Reddish-brown, radiant and with a single face.
chen sum dang mik ying su zik
His three eyes stare angrily into space.
amtsik chewa no kar den
He bites his lower lip with sharp white fangs.
utra marser yé su khyil
His hair is golden and curls to the right.
tökam ugyen tsedren dzé
He wears dried skulls, beautiful crown and crest adornments.
chak yé dorjé tsé gu char
His right hand brandishes a nine-spoked vajra
nöjé gyal dön dul du lak
To annihilate harm-doers, gyalpo and dön spirits.
yönpé purpa gek la zir
His left hand points a kīla towards hindrances
lokdren damsi zil gyi nön
And overpowers corrupting influences and damsi demons.
ku la pöka ber chen dang
His body is covered with a gown and cloak,
tang sham la gö chögö sol
Lower and upper garments and dharma robe.
tö lön trengwé doshal chang
A garland of fresh skulls hangs from his neck.
shyab nyi dortab mepung long
His two feet are in heruka pose as he stands amidst flames
takmo drümé teng na gying
And rides upon a pregnant tigress.
nang la rangshyin mepar gom
Meditate on how he appears while lacking reality.
detar salwé né sum lé
From the three centres of the deity visualized in this way,
ö trö gyalwé shying la pok
Light shines out and strikes the buddha realms.
gyal kün tukgyü malü kul
It invokes the wisdom minds of all the buddhas,
dorjé drolö nampar ru
And invites them to enter the form of Dorje Drolö,
chendrang damyé yermé gyur
So that samaya and wisdom beings merge inseparably.
tukkar dorjé tewa ru
In the hub of the vajra at his heart
hung yik marnak tama la
Is a dark red Hūṃ, around which
ngak kyi trengwé yé su khor
The mantra garland revolves clockwise.
ö trö dön nyi jé tsur dü
Light shines out, brings twofold benefit and returns.
nangsi lha yi chakgyar min
The whole of apparent existence ripens as the deity mudrā,
dra drak ngak kyi khorlor dak
All sounds are purified into the wheel of mantra,
dren tok nyamnyi chökur dzok
And all thoughts are perfected as dharmakāya equality.
ma trul yé yin chenpö ngang
In this state that has never known delusion, recite:
om ah hung benza guru drowolö sarva siddhi hung
oṃ āḥ hūṃ vajra guru drowolö sarva siddhi hūṃ
With the crucial points of focus as described,Recite this ten million times and accomplishment
is assured.Have no doubts about this—samaya!
On occasion, practise the sharp point of activity:
rang gi tukké hung yik lé
From the Hūṃ syllable at my heart,
özer chakdik nakpo ni
Rays of light dispatch black iron scorpions,
gogu lüpo mik gi gang
Nine-headed, their bodies filled with eyes,
khalang nabün tibpa shyin
And in gatherings like thick clouds of mist.
mepung tsöncha ta ra ra
With sudden force, they shoot out jets of flame and weaponry
nöjé gyalgong damsi kün
That destroy harm-doers, gyalpo, gongpo and damsi,
dul lak zé zö khyur mi tang
Which they then swallow as food.
jeshul lhakmé sekpar sam
And whatever remains is burnt without trace.
om ah hung benza guru raksha drowolö sarva dushten maraya hung pé
oṃ āḥ hūṃ vajra guru rakṣa drowolö sarva duṣṭān māraya hūṃ phaṭ
To recite this, undistracted and with clear samādhi,Will render you impervious to gyalpo demons
and harmful influences.This is profound. Those in future who possess the right karmic
connectionWill take to heart signs and indications that will become clear.Practise this secretly
in a one-to-one transmission.Samaya. Seal of profundity. Seal of secrecy. Seal of entrustment.
Seal of concealment. Let the signs be absorbed.
Guard this with the razor of life-force. Do not let it fall into the hands of samaya-breakers,But
guard it ably! Seal of the ḍākinī.

Thus, when the words of the supreme tulku Samanta Surya reached the crown of my head, I, Sukha
Badzra Tsal, decoded this from ḍākinī script and committed it to writing.

| Translated by Adam Pearcey (at the request of Serling Rinpoche), 2019.